adult: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
agency: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
aircraft: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
amphibian: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
anger: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
animal: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
anxiety: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
appliance: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
application: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
architecture: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
arm: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
art: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
artist: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
association: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
athlete: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
automobile: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
banknote: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
battle: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
beverage: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
bicycle: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
bike: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
bird: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
black: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
blood: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
blue: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
boat: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
bone: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
boy: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
brown: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
building: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
bus: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
bush: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
car: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
career: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
cat: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
celebration: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
century: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
ceramic: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
ceremony: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
child: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
circle: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
city: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
cloth: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
clothing: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
coat: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
coin: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
color: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
company: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
competition: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
computer: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
cone: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
continent: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
corporation: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
country: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
crop: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
cube: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
currency: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
cylinder: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
dairy: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
dance: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
date: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
day: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
dessert: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
device: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
dialect: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
dish: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
doctor: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
dog: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
dollar: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
drawing: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
dress: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
drink: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
driver: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
ear: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
emotion: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
engine: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
engineer: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
equipment: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
era: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
euro: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
event: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
eye: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
fabric: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
fear: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
feeling: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
festival: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
fish: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
flower: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
food: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
form: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
fruit: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
fungus: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
gadget: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
garment: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
girl: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
glass: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
glove: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
grain: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
grass: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
gray: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
green: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
group: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
happiness: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
hardware: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
hat: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
head: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
heart: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
helicopter: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
herb: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
holiday: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
horse: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
hour: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
human: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
insect: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
institution: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
instrument: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
internet: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
island: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
job: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
joy: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
lake: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
language: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
lawyer: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
leg: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
limb: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
livestock: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
machine: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
mammal: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
man: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
material: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
meat: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
mechanism: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
meeting: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
metal: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
minute: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
money: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
month: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
monument: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
moss: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
motor: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
motorcycle: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
mountain: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
mouth: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
music: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
musician: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
network: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
novel: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
nurse: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
occupation: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
orange: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
organ: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
organization: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
painting: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
pants: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
paper: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
park: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
party: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
person: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
peso: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
pet: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
phone: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
photograph: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
pink: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
place: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
plane: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
plant: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
plastic: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
poem: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
politician: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
profession: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
province: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
purple: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
rectangle: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
red: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
region: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
reptile: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
river: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
robot: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
rodent: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
rupee: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
sadness: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
scarf: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
scientist: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
sculpture: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
seafood: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
season: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
second: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
shape: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
ship: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
shirt: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
shoe: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
shrub: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
skin: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
snack: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
sock: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
software: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
sphere: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
spice: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
square: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
state: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
stone: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
submarine: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
surprise: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
teacher: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
technology: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
time: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
tongue: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
tool: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
train: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
tree: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
triangle: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
truck: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
vegetable: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
vehicle: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
village: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
vine: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
war: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
website: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
weed: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
week: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
white: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
woman: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
wood: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
worker: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
year: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
yellow: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
yen: Error fetching BabelNet IDs
